all right I'm back with part two by a
lion collection when we last left off I
showed you the 2004 platinum edition DVD
of Aladdin and now I have two more to
show you and this next one's actually
about set but it has two DVDs as this is
this is the Aladdin 2 and free free
collection which contains the return of
Jafar and the King of Thieves
there's the top bottom spine and the
back and these are the bonus features
are ever mentioned on both now I'm going
to take them in take them out put them
down and get them individually because
yup as you see this is the 2005 DVD the
return of Jafar I also know whom the
good guys is nice also has this DVD yup
and as you see here's the spine and the
back and says Jafar is back with the
greatest power of all has all these
bonus features on there too don't need
to explain them I'm going to open this
up as you see here's the DVD guy and it
also has 20 chapter selections and
here's the disc with the movie and this
disc is pretty good because after all
it's a pretty fun sequel and I like this
one a lot better than film better
because I've seen this so many times so
the return too far is fantastic and next
up we have the DVD of Aladdin and the
king of Thebes which I don't know of
home and the good guys as nice as this
but but but apart from that I at least I
do have it as you see here's a spine and
the back and it says the spectacular
adventure continues and has all these
features on there too and I know I like
this one a lot I know abri loves this as
well because he he liked the scene where
the genie turned into mrs. Doubtfire
while Jasmine was staying on the balcony
waiting for allowed to return which the
genie wet briefly went decent to genie
dear he'll be back he takes patience
genie knows I know I pre did that in one
of his videos as well because he loves
this of course my favorite scene from
Aladdin and the King feed stills the
coke right which even had the genies
going out of the plane even shouting out
Geronimo a rapper
Pocahontas with the last one is so funny
I know via Ron loves the Joe grubbers
now
you would love that that's equal as well
because of the genie making griefing
making fun poke on us as well there's
lots of other things too such as so
there's lots of our funny things but I
don't need to go over them all anyways
as you see is the DVD guide it has 12
chapter selections that's sewn in the
back and here's the disc with the movie
after all this disc is pretty fun and so
this DVD is pretty so yeah these two
DVDs are these are nice so yeah the
Aladdin 2 and free box set is pretty fun
to own so I recommend this to to anyone
so so so it's a good good thing thing it
is extremely hard to find but if you're
come across this box set then I highly
recommend getting it and that's it for
the DVDs and now we're going to move on
to the 1 CD I have and this is this is d
Aladdin original soundtrack now I know
mr. JB 1993 has a soundtrack too but his
is a bootleg and he burned tracks on it
but this one is the real authentic thing
which I also know no home of the good
guys has the CD as well this is here's
the spine of that and the back and it
has all these tracks and doing the songs
from the film and the score I'm not
going to show you the lyric book because
there is one part of Arabian Nights that
was quite complaining but I won't say
that as you see there's the track
listening again here's the CD which has
all the tracks now I'm not going to play
these tracks because of Disney Music
Group owning them and so I don't want to
be violating copyright so I'm just
playing it safe so no music whatsoever
but still this CD it's pretty good so
after all this soundtrack is fantastic
and it's worth a shot to listen to all
these songs so there you go of course
mr. Jenkin Johnny B 1983 also lets put
his songs on his iPod so it's pretty fun
and laughs and last but not least I got
we have this Aladdin story book which
I've owned for an extremely long time
see is the spine of the book and the
back it says take home a big golden book
today yep since this one's made by big
old books
yep there's a lot of pages in here up
the wrong and you see the genie it's so
fun I like it like him so yeah and
that's the ending it's a pretty it's a
pretty short book but they it even still
says the price on their butt so it's
been on there for so long Whitney that's
okay
but still this story book of Aladdin is
still fantastic it's a good good good
story book to read I know there's also
some Aladdin real lungs that also have
been released I don't have any Aladdin
read wrongs whatsoever but if I come
across one I'll be able to buy it
because there might be a song some story
real CD release of Aladdin I'm not too
sure but if it does I'll likely pick
that up soon as well so there you go
that wraps it up for my entire Latin
collection I hope you all enjoyed it and
stay tuned for my next video for my next
video I will be doing my second episode
of Martin talks in which I'll be
reviewing the 1992 comedy film sister
acts so stay tuned for that
but until then bye for now